//Items
item.bread_crumb.name=Bread Crumb
item.diamond_dust.name=Diamond Dust
item.ruby.name=Ruby
item.ruby_dust.name=Ruby Dust
item.ruby_sword.name=Ruby Sword
item.ruby_spade.name=Ruby Spade
item.ruby_pickaxe.name=Ruby Pickaxe
item.ruby_axe.name=Ruby Axe
item.ruby_hoe.name=Ruby Hoe
item.topaz.name=Topaz
item.topaz_dust.name=Topaz Dust
item.topaz_sword.name=Topaz Sword
item.topaz_spade.name=Topaz Spade
item.topaz_pickaxe.name=Topaz Pickaxe
item.topaz_axe.name=Topaz Axe
item.topaz_hoe.name=Topaz Hoe
item.amethyst.name=Amethyst
item.amethyst_dust.name=Amethyst Dust
item.amethyst_sword.name=Amethyst Sword
item.amethyst_spade.name=Amethyst Spade
item.amethyst_pickaxe.name=Amethyst Pickaxe
item.amethyst_axe.name=Amethyst Axe
item.amethyst_hoe.name=Amethyst Hoe
item.omni_gem.name=Omni Gem
item.steel_ingot.name=Steel Ingot

//Armor
item.ruby_helmet.name=Ruby Helmet
item.ruby_chestplate.name=Ruby Chestplate
item.ruby_leggings.name=Ruby Leggings
item.ruby_boots.name=Ruby Boots
item.amethyst_helmet.name=Amethyst Helmet
item.amethyst_chestplate.name=Amethyst Chestplate
item.amethyst_leggings.name=Amethyst Leggings
item.amethyst_boots.name=Amethyst Boots
item.topaz_helmet.name=Topaz Helmet
item.topaz_chestplate.name=Topaz Chestplate
item.topaz_leggings.name=Topaz Leggings
item.topaz_boots.name=Topaz Boots

//Blocks
tile.ruby_block.name=Ruby Block
tile.ruby_ore_block.name=Ruby Ore Block
tile.topaz_block.name=Topaz Block
tile.topaz_ore_block.name=Topaz Ore Block
tile.amethyst_block.name=Amethyst Block
tile.amethyst_ore_block.name=Amethyst Ore Block
tile.steel_block.name=Steel Block
tile.crusher_block.name=Crusher Block